Mention dotnet cli as an install option (#1911)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/quickstart/install-and-use-a-package-in-visual-studio.md

# Quickstart: Install and use a package in Visual Studio (Windows only)

> NuGet packages contain reusable code that other developers make available to you for use in your projects. See [What is NuGet?](../What-is-NuGet.md) for background. Packages are installed into a Visual Studio project using the [dotnet command line](install-and-use-a-package-using-the-dotnet-cli.md), the NuGet Package Manager, or the Package Manager Console. This article demonstrates the process using the popular [Newtonsoft.Json](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json/) package and a Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) project. The same process applies to any other .NET or .NET Core project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NuGet packages contain reusable code that other developers make available to you for use in your projects. See [What is NuGet?](../What-is-NuGet.md) for background. Packages are installed into a Visual Studio project using the NuGet Package Manager, the [Package Manager Console](../consume-packages/install-use-packages-powershell), or the [dotnet CLI](install-and-use-a-package-using-the-dotnet-cli.md). This article demonstrates the process using the popular [Newtonsoft.Json](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json/) package and a Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) project. The same process applies to any other .NET or .NET Core project.
```

> NuGet packages contain reusable code that other developers make available to you for use in your projects. See [What is NuGet?](../What-is-NuGet.md) for background. Packages are installed into a Visual Studio project using the NuGet Package Manager or the Package Manager Console. You can also install nuget packages via the [dotnet command line](install-and-use-a-package-using-the-dotnet-cli.md). This article demonstrates the process using the popular [Newtonsoft.Json](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json/) package and a Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) project. The same process applies to any other .NET or .NET Core project.

Reviewer 2: What do you think of merging your new sentence into the previous one? Something like:

> ... Packages are installed into a Visual Studio project using the [dotnet command line](install-and-use-a-package-using-the-dotnet-cli.md), the NuGet Package Manager, or the Package Manager Console. This article demonstrates ...
